About
=====

This publication to fight for real Free and Open Machine learning is
initially started and created by Maikel Mardjan. Maikel is a hands-on
practical business IT architect and loves to make simple designs for
complex IT systems. Maikel has more than 25 years of relevant experience
on various IT roles in famous (international) companies. Maikel holds
both a Master (Msc) Business Studies of University of Groningen
(<https://www.rug.nl/>) and a Master degree (Msc) Electrical
Engineering, of Delft University of Technology
(<https://www.tudelft.nl/en/>). Maikel is TOGAF 9 Certified and CISSP
(Certified Information Systems Security Professional) certified. Maikel
is also an OWASP member (<https://owasp.org/>) and supporter.

Check <https://nocomplexity.com> for more information about Maikel.

Machine learning is a complex technology. So we need simple and Free and
Open solutions to create applications so that will solve complex
problems we humans face. To trust machine learning applications there is
simply no other option than using fully transparent technologies. So
Free and Open in the spirit of the Free Software Foundation
(<https://fsf.org>).

If you or your company is committed to openness make sure to support the
BM-Support.org Foundation. Supporting this foundation is free! Check
<https://www.bm-support.org/join/>

This publication would never have reached version 1.0 without your help.
So I gratefully thank all people who devote time and knowledge to give
input to this publication. Will we continue this FOSS machine learning
journey so machine learning technology will stay Free and Open so
everyone can benefit.
