BentoML
=======

BentoML makes it easy to serve and deploy machine learning models in the
cloud.

It is an open source framework for machine learning teams to build
cloud-native prediction API services that are ready for production.
BentoML supports most popular ML training frameworks and common
deployment platforms including major cloud providers and
docker/kubernetes.

Documentation on: <https://bentoml.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html>

| 

  --------------------- --------------------------------------
  **SBB License**       Apache License 2.0
  **Core Technology**   Python
  **Project URL**       <http://BentoML.ai>
  **Source Location**   <https://github.com/bentoml/BentoML>
  **Tag(s)**            ML, ML Hosting, Python
  --------------------- --------------------------------------

Streamlit
=========

The fastest way to build custom ML tools. Streamlit lets you create apps
for your machine learning projects with deceptively simple Python
scripts. It supports hot-reloading, so your app updates live as you edit
and save your file. No need to mess with HTTP requests, HTML,
JavaScript, etc. All you need is your favorite editor and a browser.

Documentation on: <https://streamlit.io/docs/>

| 

  --------------------- -----------------------------------------------
  **SBB License**       Apache License 2.0
  **Core Technology**   Javascipt, Python
  **Project URL**       <https://streamlit.io/>
  **Source Location**   <https://github.com/streamlit/streamlit>
  **Tag(s)**            ML, ML Framework, ML Hosting, ML Tool, Python
  --------------------- -----------------------------------------------

RAPIDS
======

The RAPIDS suite of software libraries gives you the freedom to execute
end-to-end data science and analytics pipelines entirely on GPUs. It
relies on [NVIDIA® CUDA®](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-toolkit)
primitives for low-level compute optimization, but exposes that GPU
parallelism and high-bandwidth memory speed through user-friendly Python
interfaces.

RAPIDS also focuses on common data preparation tasks for analytics and
data science. This includes a familiar DataFrame API that integrates
with a variety of machine learning algorithms for end-to-end pipeline
accelerations without paying typical serialization costs--. RAPIDS also
includes support for multi-node, multi-GPU deployments, enabling vastly
accelerated processing and training on much larger dataset sizes.

| 

  --------------------- --------------------------------
  **SBB License**       Apache License 2.0
  **Core Technology**   C++
  **Project URL**       <http://rapids.ai/>
  **Source Location**   <https://github.com/rapidsai/>
  **Tag(s)**            ML, ML Hosting, ML Tool
  --------------------- --------------------------------

Acumos AI
=========

Acumos AI is a platform and open source framework that makes it easy to
build, share, and deploy AI apps. Acumos standardizes the infrastructure
stack and components required to run an out-of-the-box general AI
environment.

Acumos is a platform which enhances the development, training and
deployment of AI models. Its purpose is to scale up the introduction of
AI-based software across a wide range of industrial and commercial
problems in order to reach a critical mass of applications. In this way,
Acumos will drive toward a data-centric process for producing software
based upon machine learning as the central paradigm. The platform seeks
to empower data scientists to publish more adaptive AI models and shield
them from the task of custom development of fully integrated solutions.
Ideally, software developers will use Acumos to change the process of
software development from a code-writing and editing exercise into a
classroom-like code training process in which models will be trained and
graded on their ability to successfully analyze datasets that they are
fed. Then, the best model can be selected for the job and integrated
into a complete application.

Acumos is part of the LF Deep Learning Foundation, an umbrella
organization within The Linux Foundation that supports and sustains open
source innovation in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and deep
learning while striving to make these critical new technologies
available to developers and data scientists everywhere.

| 

  --------------------- -------------------------------------------------
  **SBB License**       Apache License 2.0
  **Core Technology**   Java
  **Project URL**       <https://www.acumos.org/>
  **Source Location**   <https://gerrit.acumos.org/r/#/admin/projects/>
  **Tag(s)**            ML, ML Hosting
  --------------------- -------------------------------------------------

Ray
===

Ray is a flexible, high-performance distributed execution framework for
AI applications. Ray is currently under heavy development. But Ray has
already a good start, with good documentation
(<http://ray.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html>) and a tutorial. Also
Ray is backed by scientific researchers and published papers.

Ray comes with libraries that accelerate deep learning and reinforcement
learning development:

-   [Ray Tune](http://ray.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tune.html):
    Hyperparameter Optimization Framework
-   [Ray RLlib](http://ray.readthedocs.io/en/latest/rllib.html): A
    Scalable Reinforcement Learning Library

| 

  --------------------- --------------------------------------
  **SBB License**       Apache License 2.0
  **Core Technology**   Python
  **Project URL**       <https://ray-project.github.io/>
  **Source Location**   <https://github.com/ray-project/ray>
  **Tag(s)**            ML, ML Hosting
  --------------------- --------------------------------------

Turi
====

Turi Create simplifies the development of custom machine learning
models.Turi is OSS machine learning from Apple.

Turi Create simplifies the development of custom machine learning
models. You don't have to be a machine learning expert to add
recommendations, object detection, image classification, image
similarity or activity classification to your app.

| 

  --------------------- ----------------------------------------------------
  **SBB License**       BSD License 2.0 (3-clause, New or Revised) License
  **Core Technology**   Python
  **Project URL**       <https://github.com/apple/turicreate>
  **Source Location**   <https://github.com/apple/turicreate>
  **Tag(s)**            ML, ML Framework, ML Hosting
  --------------------- ----------------------------------------------------
