Preface
=======

We humans are since the beginning of the development of modern computers
obsessed with creating computers that have super powers. Even before the
birth of computers, research has been done on artificial intelligence
(AI). The question what artificial intelligence really is, is hard and
fuel for philosophical discussions.

Nowadays we see more and more products created that claim to have super
powers that come close to AI. A look under the surface shows however
that the real progress on AI is made by a tangible technique, called
machine learning. So our the focus in this publication is on machine
learning. And not on philosophical views on what will be possible in the
future when machine learning evolves towards AI.

Machine learning today is capable of solving challenging problems that
impact everyone around the world. Problems that were impossible to solve
in the past. Or problems that where too expensive or too complex to
solve using traditional computer technologies. Nowadays solving a
certain type of complex problems is possible using new machine learning
technology.

Very complex problems and meaningful problems are currently solved using
applications based on machine learning algorithms. Many firms involved
are willing to tell and show you how easy it is! But you must be aware:
machine learning is a buzzword in the industry! So the machine learning
field is full of companies that use fads, all kind of vendor lock-in
options and marketing buzz to take your money without delivering long
running solutions. That is why this publication advocates for Free and
Open machine learning.

This publication is aimed to give you practical information so you can
start with applying free and open machine learning tools and frameworks.
With minimum cost and no strings attached. This publication enables you
also with the knowledge of what is possible with machine learning
technology and what is still wishful thinking.

Everything described in this publication is with no strings attached. So
the focus is on openness for machine learning tools, algorithms and
knowledge. The core focus is outlining core concepts of machine learning
and showing an open machine learning architecture that make machine
learning possible for real business use cases. So this publication is
also focused on outlining open source machine learning solutions (FOSS)
that make it possible to start your machine learning journey.

This publication is to enable business IT consultants, IT architects,
and software developers to get a practical grounding in open machine
learning and its business applications. So no programming exercises and
no complex mathematical formulas in this publication. Showing
programming code is avoided on purpose. In the reference section of this
publication you can find good open references for hands-on machine
learning tutorials. As an add-on to this publication some hands-on
machine learning tutorials are published as addendum with the online
version of this publication.

Understanding core concepts of machine learning and using open machine
learning technology is possible without coding. This publication
empowers you to start transforming your organization into an innovative
and open company for the future using new open machine learning
technologies. If your company is committed to openness and you endorse
key open principles to create value, you are an open company. See
<https://www.bm-support.org/open-company-principles/> for showing your
commitment to openness.

Machine learning is and should not be the exclusive domain of commercial
companies, data scientists, mathematics, computer scientists or hackers.
Every business and everyone involved with automation should be able to
take advantage of the machine learning techniques and applications
available. This is possible within the field of machine learning as you
learn in this publication.

Nowadays knowledge is more and more openly shared, thanks to open
access, open publication licenses and open source software. So everyone
can and should benefit from the possibilities that open machine learning
frameworks and tools provide.

To create this publication a lot of papers, books and reports on machine
learning are examined. And doing some 'hands-on' to experiences and feel
the power of machine learning algorithms turned out to be crucial for
understanding and creating this publication as well. This publication is
focussed on making a the complex machine learning technology simple to
use.

In my journey on learning how to apply machine learning for real
business use cases many books turned out to be either too theoretical,
or too much focused on programming machine learning algorithms. As an IT
architect I missed the overall machine learning architecture picture
from a typical IT architecture point of view. So business, information,
application, infrastructure, security and privacy perspective. This
publication fills up that gap.

Applying machine learning should be easy and simple. When barriers for
using machine learning technology are lowered many more great
applications can be developed for the benefit for everyone. This
publication simplifies the use of the complex field of machine learning
frameworks, software and applications for real business use cases.
Creating meaningful machine learning applications in a already complex
context is another discipline than creating and understanding the
complex machine learning algorithms behind the machine learning
frameworks. So this publication is for everyone who is short on time but
is dedicated to make use of machine learning capabilities.

This publication is not an end, but is constructed as a continuous
effort to provide usable open and non commercial information for
applying machine learning technology. You can join this project too. See
the HELP section in this publication.

This publication was only possible with the help of you! If you have a
suggestion or correction, please send an email to info \[at\] bm-support
\[dot\] org. I add you to the contributor list, unless you ask to be
omitted.
